README.md, before:

# LfS-scripts
#
# Author: Sevilla, Larry
#  eMail: sevilla.larry.prg@gmail.com
#
#
# Working LfS ver: 12.2
# Started: 2024/Sept/01
# arch: x64, UEFI
#
#
# Working LfS ver: 12.1
# Started: 2024/Mar/08
# arch: x64, UEFI
#
#
# Working LfS ver: 12.0
# Started: 2023/Sept/07
# arch: x64, UEFI
# Note: 2024 errata patches were NOT applied due to time constraint
#
# Working LfS ver: 11.3
# Started: 2023/Apr/06
# arch: x64, UEFI
#
# Note:
# LfS ver: 11.2 - status: NOT working
# Started: 2022/Nov/08
# Deleted: 2023/Apr/09





#
# based on: https://www.linuxfromscratch.org/lfs/
#
# Creating/using scripts instead of manually encoding all lines
#
#
# For scripts of Chapters 5 & 6, the scripts assumed you finished executing up to Chapter 4.
# The username should be "lfs" and the location should be "/mnt/lfs/sources" directory.
# That means the prompt should be:
#
#   lfs:/mnt/lfs/sources$
#
#
# For scripts of Chapter 7 & up,
# the scripts assumed you finished executing Chapter/Section 7.2 to 7.6,
# the username should be "root", should had CHROOTed,
# and the location should be "/sources" directory.  That means the prompt should be:
#
#   root:/sources#
#



#
# copy the script files ( *.sh ) in the said directory
#

Commit message:

Python downgraded to 3.11.10 OpenStack 2024.2 (Dalmatian) tested Python 3.11

README.md, after:

# LfS-scripts
#
# Author: Sevilla, Larry
#  eMail: sevilla.larry.prg@gmail.com
#
#
# Working LfS ver: 12.2
# Started: 2024/Sept/01
# arch: x64, UEFI
# Note: Python 3.11.x is tested on OpenStack 2024.2
#       Python 3.11.10 is used/installed, 3.13.0 is alternative
#
#
# Working LfS ver: 12.1
# Started: 2024/Mar/08
# arch: x64, UEFI
#
#
# Working LfS ver: 12.0
# Started: 2023/Sept/07
# arch: x64, UEFI
# Note: 2024 errata patches were NOT applied due to time constraint
#
# Working LfS ver: 11.3
# Started: 2023/Apr/06
# arch: x64, UEFI
#
# Note:
# LfS ver: 11.2 - status: NOT working
# Started: 2022/Nov/08
# Deleted: 2023/Apr/09





#
# based on: https://www.linuxfromscratch.org/lfs/
#
# Creating/using scripts instead of manually encoding all lines
#
#
# For scripts of Chapters 5 & 6, the scripts assumed you finished executing up to Chapter 4.
# The username should be "lfs" and the location should be "/mnt/lfs/sources" directory.
# That means the prompt should be:
#
#   lfs:/mnt/lfs/sources$
#
#
# For scripts of Chapter 7 & up,
# the scripts assumed you finished executing Chapter/Section 7.2 to 7.6,
# the username should be "root", should had CHROOTed,
# and the location should be "/sources" directory.  That means the prompt should be:
#
#   root:/sources#
#



#
# copy the script files ( *.sh ) in the said directory
#
